Hello Myself,
Yes your Linux Rice is the nicest in town
(Not really but i'm talking to myself here give me some slack)

But if your reading this you have probably changed some aspects
probably the background but you now find your rice ofset with the previous
colors being used in the terminal and several other places. 
Well my friend that's why I your past self have made this!

This folder is used for themeing it's pretty important,
your new color pallet should follow the base16-color style guide,
sadly the base16 rules don't translate directly to just mapping them to 
.Xresources even more sadly base16 isn't the standard out put of most 
tools to setup your color pallet that's why i made some tools to set it up.

First head over to terminal.sexy and create your pallete.
When creating your should disregard what the pallete looks like in the 
viewer just make sure the colors0-15 are the same colors you would use
when writing the base16 pallete.

Then take this output in json format and in the imports folder under direct 
imports. Direct imports map their colors not acourding to how they would look
in Xresources but what the base16 should look like.

Now copy that same file here and name it import_<NAME>.json.
using this you run:
setup_theme.py x_to_theme <NAME> raw 
make sure you specify raw. this just translates the pallete to a yaml format.
it's just a conversion nothing more but it's a great way to generate a base to work from.

This format can now be used to generate other formats using base16-builder.
Sadly I suspect it's not gonna be perfect the first time around but that's okay!
Generate your .Xresources and test it out if you need to tweak it head to 
terminal.sexy once again. Now import this .Xresources into the editor.

The colors will have jumped around in the creator but that's fine!
you can now use the code viewer to start tweaking it and make it just perfect!
once your satisfied this needs to be translated to the base16 format once more.

As you know .Xresources != base16 format, So it has to be translated back again.
just put the new json file here naming it import_<another_name>.json
and run the setup_theme.py script again with the following flags:

setup_theme.py x_to_theme <ANOTHER_NAME>.json unraw

this will translate it to a yaml file again but the colors will be rearanged to
match base16 again. Repeat the tweaking until your happy!
